# ConnectAll
Connect 4+ Ruby implementation

Assignment 4 – Graphical User Interface
Traditionally, many families have spent their evenings playing board games; today, one potential money making strategy is to computerize these games and to sell them to a new generation. To increase the probability of capturing a reasonable market share, our  electronic media designer continually ponders the question: “What additional  characteristics or features could a computerized version possess that could differentiate it  from the original tactile version?” Assignment 4 is to produce a computerized version of  the game: Connect4. One obvious answer, to the question of adding features, is a  computerized opponent(s) for individuals lacking playing partners. A second obvious  answer is to add variations on the basic theme; for example, as well as playing Connect4,  the system should also play OTTO and TOOT. This new game is the same as Connect4, except one player places “O” counters and one player places “T” counters; and one player  wins by connecting 4 counters spelling “OTTO” and the other by connecting 4 counters spelling “TOOT”. Our company expects to produce a number of games upon this basic theme, and hence, you are required to design your game to “allow it to be efficiently and effectively extended”; a quote from our CEO. And essential for Assignment 5! As stated above, Assignment 4 is to produce a computerized version of the game: Connect4 and its variations, both specified (TOOT and OTTO) and unspecified (“to be efficiently and effectively extended”). This new version should seek to exploit the differences between this new implementation medium and the traditional or original medium.

